hello it's a new year this is my first
Minecraft video of
2024 which means that I've been making
this series of Minecraft videos for over
one whole year mhm I published my first
Minecraft video on November 5th of
2022 and I've come a long way since this
first video I've made friends and I've
lost
friends I've built
structures I've explored caves
underground fought monsters and died
many
times but there's still something that I
haven't done the series where I teach
English
while trying to beat Minecraft while
trying to beat Minecraft
Minecraft trying to beat
Minecraft I haven't beat Minecraft so
how do you beat
Minecraft well you beat Minecraft by
slaying the Ender
Dragon so this is no time to be messing
around no this is time to get
serious in this video I'm going to begin
pursuing the ender dragon by searching
for an end portal in a stronghold
strongholds generate deep
underground and they're the only place
that end portals can be found mhm
the end portal will allow me to travel
to the end world where I will fight the
Ender Dragon strongholds are very hard
to
find but there is one way to find them
Easier by
using Eyes of Ender I went to the
nether
there I looked at a bunch of Enderman
using a spy
glass then I fought the Enderman when
they got mad at
me so I was able to collect 12 ender
pearls in a crafting table I combined
ender pearls and blaze powder making
Eyes of Ender mhm so I was able to
create 12 Eyes of Ender and These Eyes
of Ender will point me in the direction
of a stronghold when I throw them look
I'm going to throw the Eye of
Ender there it goes so the stronghold is
that direction before I leave to go on a
big adventure away from my house I'm
going to make sure that I have
everything that I will need I'm going to
pick up these baked
potatoes I'm going to build a bow and
arrow using one two three sticks and one
two three string
bow all right I'm going to enchant the
bow swimming to the enchanting
room up up
up enchanting
room all right I need some
lapis now I'll put my bow and the lapis
in the enchanting table and I'll get a
level 30
enchantment all right infinity and power
three Infinity is a great
enchantment it allows me to shoot the
bow infinitely as long as I have one
arrow in my
inventory all right I Enchanted my bow
now I need an
arrow uh any arrows
arrows oh there are arrows arrows okay
okay what else will I need to fight the
Ender
Dragon I think I'm going to brew some
potions the Brewing room I made a few
changes to the Brewing room
look
taada I replaced the Cobblestone floor
with
moss and also these Vines have grown
longer all right let's see I need glass
bottles and I'll fill them with
water all
right and I need Nether
wart Nether
wart I'll put the Nether wart in the
brewing stand as well as the water
bottles one two 3 there we go and I'm
brewing awkward
potions now the other ingredient that I
will need are called Phantom
membranes and Phantom membranes come
from Phantoms they're mobs that fly up
in the sky and attack you if you haven't
slept in a long time so I haven't slept
for several days in this
game so all look for some Phantoms up in
the
sky
Phantoms where are the
Phantoms a I need the Phantom membrane
to brew the potions of slow
falling where are the
Phantoms Alexa where do Phantoms spawn
in
Minecraft Kenzo Phantom in oh an
Enderman come on
Enderman
hey oh he's mad at me all right got out
my
sword
Enderman uhoh
uhoh oh
Phantoms
ah uhoh Enderman no no no no no Enderman
no oh this is bad Enderman
no
die ender
pearl die
Phantom run inside run inside oh okay I
need to eat
potatoes okay I'm going to try to shoot
them using my new
bow where are the
Phantoms
die
Phantom a I
missed
uh-oh Phantom membrane
huh it looks like it didn't drop any
Phantom
membrane oh die Phantom membrane uh-oh
uh-oh I heard another one but I'm going
to pick up this Phantom
membrane there we go down to the Brewing
room all right so now that I have these
awkward potions I can brew potions of
slow
falling using Phantom
membrane there we
go and it's becoming morning uh-oh
hey die all right
and I'll
improve these potions of slow falling
using redstone
dust
well my potions are done
Brewing
I'm going to forget that that
happened okay the last thing that I'm
going to do before I leave to search for
the stronghold is build a new diamond
sword and a new Diamond Helmet because
the helmet and the sword are close to
Breaking so we'll get some
diamonds and and some
sticks
sticks and I'll build a diamond sword
there we go and a diamond
helmet now I'll enchant them both
dive lapis diamond sword level
30 Smite four knock back two okay
Diamond Helmet level
30 protection three Unbreaking three and
respiration
three
cool back to the house okay and I'll put
away everything that I don't need to
bring with
me glass string rotten flesh blaze rods
feathers red stone lapis glowberries
and all right I think I'm ready to
go so let's take the Eyes of
Ender
and well let's begin searching for the
stronghold the stronghold is this
way here we go let's go search for the
Ender Dragon I'm swimming I'm
swimming all
right
jump and more
swimming I should have brought a
boat a boat would have been faster ooh
there's snow there's snow up
there an
egg I'll pick up the egg
all right we're at the top of a
mountain there's snow up
here eat some
potatoes wow this place is
beautiful okay let's go down here on the
stone now I'm going to try throwing
another Eye of Ender
all right let's see where it points me
throw all right that
way let's pick up the eye ofender and
let's continue that way I'm running
through the
forest there are birch
trees and oak trees
here birch trees and oak trees all right
I'm a little bit worried because the Sun
is going
down pretty soon it'll be
nighttime okay I'm climbing up a huge
mountain up up
up this is a really tall
mountain
wow wow wow there are lots of tall
mountains
here
okay well I'll continue going up I'm
above the
clouds these are the
clouds I'm above the
clouds
light
whoa there's
lava
emeralds I'll Place some Stone
all right I'm going to mine these
emeralds two emeralds all right it's
night
time okay once again I'm going to throw
an Eye of Ender an Eye of
Ender here we go where will it Point me
throw all right still this
way whoa I can see more lava down there
ooh
fire no zombie go
away I'm running past the
zombie uh-oh run run run run I'm running
away from
skeletons
o oh no oh no
oh no lots of
monsters I'm just going to
run it looks like I'm in a jungle
now those are jungle
trees they have Vines hanging from
them oh
uhoh die die die
die okay
I'm going to try to throw another Eye of
Ender here we go it'll probably Point me
this
way yeah that way
okay and once again I'm
[Music]
swimming I really should have brought a
boat a panda bear two panda
bears oh
fire it's a forest fire
uh-oh run run run okay I'm going to
throw another I
ofender still this way
okay let's continue I'm actually going
to collect some wood and build a
boat okay let's see wood
planks craft crafting table
uh-oh I hear a drowned throwing Trident
at
me so I'm
running over
here okay crafting
table I'm going to quickly build a
boat uh using
wood there we go boat crafting table all
right let's
go let's go let's
go I'm going to throw another Eye of
Ender o this way finally the sun is
coming up okay I'm going to get out of
my
boat and I'll pick it up
okay it's time to throw another Eye of
Ender oh I think the stronghold is going
to be here in the
jungle I think I'm close okay I'll try
again
oh okay I think it's right
here I think I found where the
stronghold is I think the stronghold is
underground right here so in the next
video I'll start digging
right
here I'll start
digging downward to search for the
strong hold but I'm going to end this
video right here before I end this video
there are two things that I want to say
first of all I just released a new
song you can listen to the whole thing
by clicking up here and second of all if
you want to help support this channel
you can now donate on coffee I'm always
going to make these videos for free so
if you can help support the channel by
making a donation it's greatly
appreciated I'll leave a link down in
the
description thank you so much for
watching if you liked this video you
could click the like button or subscribe
subcribe to my channel and as always
I'll see you in the next video I hope
that you all have a wonderful
2024 see
you be
satate wait till June tall